Enhance SECURITY.md with detailed security policy (#180)
OWASP/www-project-vulnerable-web-applications-directory: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

## Supported Versions

> We actively monitor and provide security updates for the latest stable version of this project. Older versions may not receive security updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will provide security updates for the current release version of this project. Anything else will not receive security updates.
```

| Version   | Supported          |
|-----------|--------------------|
| `main`    | ✅                 |

> | `< 1.0.0` | ❌ (Unsupported)   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `master`    | ✅                 |
| `Anything else` | ❌ (Unsupported)   |
```

## Reporting a Vulnerability
If you discover a security vulnerability, **do not open a public issue**. Instead, follow these steps:

1. **Email the maintainers** at [maintainer-email@example.com] (or open a **private/draft security advisory** on GitHub if available).
2. Provide a **detailed description** of the vulnerability, including:
   - Steps to reproduce
   - Potential impact
   - Suggested fixes (if any)

> 3. We will acknowledge your report within **48 hours** and provide a timeline for a fix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. We will acknowledge your report as quickly as possible and provide a timeline for a fix.
```

- **For You:**
  This is a **<followup encodedFollowup="%7B%22id%22%3A%22731977ef-ca5b-431e-ba45-4a7269a54453%22%2C%22snippet%22%3A%22high-impact%2C%20low-effort%20contribution%22%2C%22question%22%3A%22What%20are%20other%20examples%20of%20high-impact%2C%20low-effort%20contributions%20I%20can%20make%20to%20open-source%20security%20projects%3F%22%7D" />** that will be valued by the OWASP community. It also complements your vulnerability report by showing a <followup encodedFollowup="%7B%22id%22%3A%22887dae18-308b-46c4-a3c6-8377e9189a6c%22%2C%22snippet%22%3A%22holistic%20approach%20to%20improving%20security%22%2C%22question%22%3A%22What%20other%20elements%20should%20a%20comprehensive%20security%20strategy%20for%20an%20open-source%20project%20include%3F%22%7D" />.

---

### **Next Steps**
1. **Submit your vulnerability report** (as previously discussed).
2. **Open a separate issue or PR** to add the `SECURITY.md` file.
3. **Reference your vulnerability report** in the PR to show how the policy would have helped.

> Would you like <followup encodedFollowup="%7B%22id%22%3A%22ef0a687b-3ea6-4eae-bb1d-46336b3596e2%22%2C%22snippet%22%3A%22help%20drafting%20the%20PR%20description%22%2C%22question%22%3A%22What%20key%20points%20should%20I%20include%20in%20a%20PR%20description%20for%20a%20new%20%60SECURITY.md%60%20file%3F%22%7D" /> for the `SECURITY.md` file or refining the content further?

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
